We will need to abstract the following structures in C# classes:

Cue_List
--------
A list of timestamps in ms for the cue's generated by the user (or automatically)
It shall contain the following items:
- Time (In ms into media)
- Type (Right now only "UserCue"
- Color (RGB) (color the line is drawn at.. .right now defajult to red)

Effect
------
- Start (In ms)
- Duration (in ms)
- Type (Currently supported "Color", "FX", "Script", "Media")
- Collor (RGB -> Color of Effect-panel in timeline. Use thse colors for the moment (Script = Light Green, Effect = Light Blue,  Color = Yellow, Media = Pink)

For "Color"
- StartRGB
- EndRGB

For "FX"
- FX_ID (UInt)
- Param1 to ParamX. (For the moment use float for these, at some point we populate this from querying the FX). Should be a linked list.

For "Script"
- Script Link (Filename)
- Param1 to ParamX. (For the moment use float for these, at some point we populate this from querying the Script). Should be a linked List.

For "Media"
- Media Link (Filename)


Effect_list
-----------
A linked list of effects

Channel
-------
- Channel_ID (Int)
- Channel_Name (String)
- Effect_List (List of all the effects in that channel)

Channel_List
------------
- A linked list of Channels

Project
-------
- Media Link (Filename)
- Channel List
- Cue_List

All List shall have "Add", "Delete", "Next", "Previous", "Root", "Count" functions.
All Structurs and listd shall have functions to import and export the data as JSON Objects.
The Project shall be stored as a JSON file and the Project class shall have a "SaveAsJSON" and "LoadFromnJSON" function.





